But he's got a place to keep it off campus, so we got out there and put it off campus.
And he came back and was not real thrilled about his locker being gone because, of course, the thing was that the goal was to keep it until the TU game and then take it out on the field, the 50-yard line of the field at halftime, and he'd have to go get it.
Now, how much in advance did you all get it?
We got it about a month ahead of time, which was a big mistake.
You know, we were going to be gutsy and hold out a month.
We ended up sleeping on the springs in our bed.
We couldn't sleep on our mattresses.
We had to sleep on the springs, and we had to sleep in our ponchos, which were those old heavy raincoats.
And to go to the bathroom, we had to wear the ponchos and our helmet liner, and you had to go with a buddy.
And I can remember one day, he got the whole fish class into one room, and we were doing push-ups.
And of course, we got to rest in the up push-up position.
And I can remember, we must have had 35 fish in the room.
And it was so hot in the room that moisture was raining down the walls.
And Zesky was standing on the desk in the corner.
and convinced us, and that could get together, that we probably ought to give him his foot locker back.
Did you?
We did.
Where did you all have it hidden?
I can't remember.
One of the guys had it hidden, had a friend off campus or something, and we had it off campus.
That's a good one.
We were going to be gutsy and hold out a month, and we didn't.
Any other?
No, I don't have anything else.
I can't think of anything else at the moment.
I'll probably think of a thousand things after you're gone.
All right.
Then the last one is, what feelings do you carry in your heart for Texas A&M?
Oh, it's... I get emotional about A&M.
You know, kind of like when we were just talking about that story about Luster when Morley Johnson answered for her father.
To me, A&M is right next to my faith.
and the importance in my life.
And we raised our kids that way.
We took them, I mean, from the time my kids were six, seven, eight years old, we took them to A&M and injected them, I mean, injected maroon fluid into their blood and everything else, both my wife and I. I think it was more important to us that they go to A&M than anything else.
And both kids from that only applied one place.
And both went to A&M, both in the Corps and Squadron 17.
And both of them, my oldest son, well, both of my sons thanked me, thank us for that.
But it's a major cornerstone in my life.
And in actuality, my wife and I, when we finally retired, would like to move back to College Station.
because we know we'd never have to worry about visitors.
I mean, people would be coming all the time to visit us.
But that's one of the things that when I'm recruiting and talking to parents, I try to get across to them.
And of course, again, it's one of those things that you've got to be there to understand it.
But the camaraderie, again, that's the thing that, you know, I talk about the service academies down in military schools.
It's something that they don't have.
They don't have that love of school.
When you talk to West Point grads, they don't have it.
They talk about class standing and rank and all this other stuff, but they don't have the love of their school.
The Air Force Academy absolutely does not.
The Air Force Academy has changed significantly.
They're kind of in the business of producing nerds, techies and that sort of stuff.
Leadership is not a big deal.
I have not been overly impressed in my military career with Air Force Academy graduates.
They don't have the
they don't have the loyalty to their fellow graduates that Aggies have to theirs.
I mean, my biggest problem with Air Force Academy graduates is when I went to pilot training during Vietnam, of course the Academy always gets the cream of the crop on pilot assignments, I mean on pilot training assignments and that sort of stuff.
When I got there, there were about six or seven academy grad SIE, self-initiated elimination.
They'd gone to the academy, got their free degree, went to pilot training, and said, I'm not going to do this, and bam, they were gone.
So I've not been overly impressed with the Air Force Academy.
And I've talked to some of the folks at A&M who have done exchange visits, some of the people in the Trigon who've done exchange visits with the academy and talked to people up there.
And they don't have the same sense of mission about building leaders that A&M does.
But anyway, that's just a satellite.
All right.
Unless you have anything else to add real quick.
I can't think of anything.